Document library dependency feature (#291)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/src/01-overview/05-sharing-specs.md

It sometimes happens that Scala code reflecting these shapes was already generated and made available to another module or artifact. In that case, you can gain control over which namespaces Smithy4s crawls through when performing the code generation to avoid regenerating code that already exists. This is achieved via a couple of SBT settings :

* `smithy4sAllowedNamespaces` which is an allow-list
* `smithy4sExcludedNamespaces` which is a disallow-list

By default, Smithy4s tries to generate everything but shapes that are in the following namespaces :

* `smithy4s.api`
* `smithy4s.meta`
* namespaces that start with `aws`
* namespaces that start with `smithy`

### Note regarding credentials

The SBT plugin provided by Smithy4s uses SBT's resolution mechanism (based on coursier) to retrieve the artifacts from their respective repositories. This implies that the resolvers-related settings are respected, included credentials that may be needed to read from some private artifact repository.

In the CLI, the [mechanisms native to coursier](https://get-coursier.io/docs/2.0.0-RC4-1/other-credentials#docsNav) are respected.

## Packaging specifications in order to share them

> Smithy4s does not have any feature that helps packaging specifications. This is a design decision that can be explained by the fact that Smithy4s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy4s does not have any features that help in the packaging of specifications. This is a design decision that can be explained by the fact that Smithy4s
```

> optimises for "correctness" as opposed to "compatibility" : the generated Scala code aims at being an accurate reflection of the Smithy models and provide idiomatic developer experience. This happens at the cost of a total lack of guarantee around the binary compatibility of the generated code, when the Schema evolves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimises for "correctness" as opposed to "compatibility." This means the generated Scala code aims at 1) being an accurate reflection of the Smithy models and 2) providing an idiomatic developer experience. This happens at the cost of a total lack of guarantees around the binary compatibility of the generated code when the Schema evolves.
```

> Therefore, we recommend NOT treat the generated-code as library-material. Additionally, the inlined smithy files that you may have under `src/main/smithy` are **not packaged** as resources by Smithy4s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, we recommend that you _DO NOT_ treat the generated-code as publishable library-material. Additionally, the inlined smithy files that you may have under `src/main/smithy` are **not packaged** as resources by Smithy4s.
```
